Add Charmhub documentation (#45)
canonical/tls-certificates-operator: docs/how-to/h-configure-per-unit.md

> # How to configure per-unit TLS certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to provide TLS certificates to requesting charms
```

Author: Done.

> TLS Certificates Operator allows to configure different certificates for different units of the same desired application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLS Certificates Operator allows the provisioning of certificates to requiring charms.
```

Author: Done.
